Would you rather the aliens that make first contact be robotic or organic? 
Would you rather lose the ability to read or lose the ability to speak?
Would you rather have a golden voice or a silver tongue?
Would you rather be covered in fur or covered in scales?
Would you rather be in jail for a year or lose a year off your life?
Would you rather always be 10 minutes late or always be 20 minutes early?
Would you rather have one real get out of jail free card or a key that opens any door?
Would you rather know the history of every object you touched or be able to talk to animals?
Would you rather be married to a 10 with a bad personality or a 6 with an amazing personality?
Would you rather be a famous director or a famous actor?
Would you rather be a practicing doctor or a medical researcher?
Would you rather live in a cave or live in a tree house?
Would you rather be able to control fire or water?
Would you rather live without the internet or live without AC and heating?
Would you rather be able to teleport anywhere or be able to read minds?
Would you rather be unable to use search engines or unable to use social media?
Would you rather be beautiful/handsome but stupid or intelligent but ugly?
Would you rather be balding but fit or overweight with a full head of hair?
Would you rather never be able to eat meat or never be able to eat vegetables?
Would you rather have a completely automated home or a self-driving car?
Would you rather be an amazing painter or a brilliant mathematician?
Would you rather be famous but ridiculed or be just a normal person?
Would you rather have a flying carpet or a car that can drive underwater?
Would you rather never be stuck in traffic again or never get another cold?
Would you rather have a bottomless box of Legos or a bottomless gas tank?
Would you rather be forced to eat only spicy food or only incredibly bland food?
Would you rather be a bowling champion or a curling champion?
Would you rather be fantastic at riding horses or amazing at driving dirt bikes?
Would you rather never be able to wear pants or never be able to wear shorts?
Would you rather live the next 10 years of your life in China or Russia?
Would you rather live on the beach or in a cabin in the woods?
Would you rather be lost in a bad part of town or lost in the forest?
Would you rather have a horrible short-term memory or a horrible long-term memory?
Would you rather be completely invisible for one day or be able to fly for one day?
Would you rather give up bathing for a month or give up the internet for a month?
Would you rather give up watching TV/movies for a year or give up playing games for a year?
Would you rather never get a paper cut again or never get something stuck in your teeth again?
Would you rather lose your best friend or all of your friends except for your best friend?
Would you rather be the best in the world at climbing trees or the best in the world at jumping rope?
Would you rather never run out of battery power for whatever phone and tablet you own or always have free Wi-Fi wherever you go?
Would you rather never have to clean a bathroom again or never have to do dishes again?
Would you rather eat an egg with a half-formed chicken inside or eat ten cooked grasshoppers?
Would you rather only wear one color each day or have to wear seven colors each day?
Would you rather accept help or just take care of things on your own?
Would you rather live in a nice house in a boring town or a rough house in an exciting town?
Would you rather be fluent in legalese or fluent in French?
Would you rather be able to speed read or speak at an incredible speed?
Would you rather be given a top tier gaming PC or a top tier Apple computer? Both are the same price.
Would you rather type faster or dance better?
Would you rather eat something savory or sweet?
Would you rather read a hardback book or a paperback book?
Would you rather take a weeklong hiking / camping vacation or a weeklong cruise?
Would you rather owe someone a lot of money or owe them a big favor?
Would you rather hang out with your family or your friends?
Would you rather star in a movie or a TV series?
Would you rather have a new expensive pair of shoes or an expensive pair of sunglasses?
Would you rather perform in a circus or act in plays?
Would you rather be YouTube famous or TV famous?
Would you rather have your whole house completely carpeted or completely tiled?
Would you rather be a drum prodigy or a bass guitar prodigy?
Would you rather have a huge event wedding or a small one and use the money you saved to go on an amazing honeymoon?
Would you rather super sensitive taste or super sensitive hearing?
Would you rather have constantly dry eyes or a constant runny nose?
Would you rather never lose your phone again or never lose your keys again?
Would you rather have out of control body hair or a strong, pungent body odor?
Would you rather be unable to have kids or only be able to conceive quintuplets?
Would you rather clean rest stop toilets or work in a slaughterhouse for a living?
Would you rather lose all your money and valuables or all the pictures you have ever taken?
Would you rather find your true love or a suitcase with five million dollars inside?
Would you rather not be able to see any colors or have mild but constant tinnitus (ringing in the ears)?
Would you rather have chapped lips that never heal or terrible dandruff that can’t be treated?
Would you rather live without hot water for showers/baths or live without a washing machine?
Would you rather be alone for the rest of your life or always be surrounded by annoying people?
Would you rather eat a live worm or a dead worm?
Would you rather be completely offline for the next year or lose a finger or toe of your choice?
Would you rather be feared by all or loved by all?
Would you rather sell all of your possessions or sell one of your organs?
Would you rather be infamous in history books or be forgotten after your death?
Would you rather be reincarnated as a fly or just cease to exist after you die?
Would you rather never get angry or never be envious?
Would you rather have a horribly corrupt government or no government?
Would you rather be held in high regard by your parents or your friends?
Would you rather be poor but help people or become incredibly rich by hurting people?
Would you rather humans go to the moon again or go to mars?
Would you rather know the uncomfortable truth of the world or believe a comforting lie?
Would you rather die in 20 years with no regrets or die in 50 years with many regrets?
Would you rather your shirts be always two sizes too big or one size too small?
Would you rather find five dollars on the ground or find all your missing socks?
Would you rather have one nipple or two belly buttons?
Would you rather eat a ketchup sandwich or a Siracha sandwich?
Would you rather use a push lawnmower with a bar that is far too high or far too low?
Would you rather eat a box of dry spaghetti noodles or two cups of uncooked rice?
Would you rather eat a spoonful of wasabi or a spoonful of extremely spicy hot sauce?
Would you rather have hands that kept growing as you got older or feet that kept growing as you got older?
Would you rather wake up every morning with a new hundred-dollar bill in your pocket but not know where it came from or wake up every morning with a new fifty-dollar bill in your pocket and know where it comes from?
Would you rather have a clown only you can see that follows you everywhere and just stands silently in a corner watching you without doing or saying anything or have a real-life stalker who dresses like the Easter bunny that everyone can see?
Would you rather be an amazing virtuoso at any instrument but only if you play naked or be able to speak any language but only if you close your eyes and dance while you are doing it?
Would you rather everything you dream each night come true when you wake up or everything a randomly chosen person dreams each night come true when they wake up?
Would you rather have a boomerang that would find and kill any one person of your choosing, anywhere in the world, but can only be used once or a boomerang that always returns to you with one dollar?
Would you rather have someone secretly give you LSD on a random day and time once every 6 months or have everyone in the world all take LSD at the same time once every 5 years?
Would you rather all electrical devices mysteriously stop working (possibly forever) or the governments of the world are only run by people going through puberty?
Would you rather have an immortal murderous sloth that always knows your location always slowly hunting you or never be able to find clothes that fit properly, clothes that are always a little uncomfortable?
Would you rather fight an angry 15ft anaconda to the death or 15 angry koalas to the death?
Would you rather live in a house filled with mannequins dressed as clowns or a house filled with porcelain dolls?
Would you rather have the olfactory senses of a dog or see more colors in the electromagnetic spectrum like a mantis shrimp?
Would you rather live in a world of smooth curves with no sharp angles or a word of only sharp angles and no curves? Assuming humans keep the shape they are now.
Would you rather be forced to speak in a single different accent not of your choosing forever or speak in a random different accent whenever you wake up for one year?
Would you rather have all your meals prepared for you but you don't get to choose the dish or sleep eight hours every night but you don't get to choose your bedtime?
Would you rather be a human swiss army knife like Inspector Gadget or be the richest person in the World?
Would you rather have your friends never bail on plans they make or be able to make shoot paper into a trash bin no matter how difficult the shot?
Would you rather be able to see through walls but not windows or stay the same as you are now?
Would you rather always know exactly what time it is or always know which direction you are facing?
Would you rather have the ability to change your hair color at will or the color of your clothes at will?
Would you rather have uncontrollable gas for an entire month or wet yourself at work? 
Would you rather make out with your celebrity crush or get paid $5,000? 
Would you rather go to the grocery store in your underwear or go to the beach nude? 
Would you rather sleep with your partner’s siblings or your best friends sibling? 
Would you rather have average sex every day for the rest of your life or great sex once a year for the rest of your life?
Would you rather have sex with a new person every year or one person for the rest of your life?
Would you rather lick someone’s eyeball or suck someone’s toes? 
Would you rather drink a glass of vomit once or burp every time someone says your name? 
Would you rather see your parents have sex or have your parents watch you have sex?
Would you rather get a job promotion or sleep with your hot colleague? 
Would you rather wear the same pair of underwear for a week or wear your mother’s clean underwear for a day? 
Would you rather have nipples for toes or toes for nipples? 
Would you rather have fluorescent pubic hair or extra-long pubic hair? 
Would you rather your neighbours see your genitals or accidentally send a sexy text message to a relative? 
Would you rather have a threesome with two strangers or have sex with any one of your choice? 
Would you rather lick the bottom of a strangers shoe or have your best friend spit in your mouth? 
Would you rather have perfect boobs or a perfect butt? 
Would you rather be great at sex and have a bad body figure or be bad at sex and have a great body figure? 
Would you rather receive a sexy text message or a sexy nude photo? 
Would you rather lick peanut butter off your best friends nipples or have your pet lick peanut butter off your nipples?  
Would you rather have an orgy with complete strangers or have to have sex with all your exes? 
Would you rather lose your sexual organs or gain 80 pounds in weight (that you can’t lose)!
Would you rather receive a sexy text message or a sexy nude photo? 
Would you rather cheat on your partner and be caught or be cheated on and never be told? 
Would you rather have an orgy with complete strangers or have to have sex with all your exes? 
Would you rather eat a chocolate bar that tastes like mould or a lump of mould that tastes like chocolate? 
Would you rather lose your sexual organs or gain 80 pounds in weight (that you can’t lose)!
Would you rather wear lingerie every day or never wear a bra again? 
Would you rather have kinky sex involving melted chocolate or whipped cream? 
Would you rather get slapped in the face every time you thought about sex or sneeze continuously while having sex? 
Would you rather have forks for fingers or balls under your chin? 
Would you rather have pubic hair that grows back 5 x times as fast or have a micropenis? 
Would you rather be caught having sex at your workplace or have your boss knowingly watch you have sex?
Would you rather live in the Playboy Mansion or live at a strip club? 
Would you rather make out with your biggest crush for ten seconds or your siblings best friend for ten minutes? 
Would you rather smell like body odour for a year or have terrible acne for 6 months? 
Would you rather have sex with your clothes on for a year or never see your partner fully naked again? 
Would you rather have really adventurous sex or romantic sex for the rest of your life?
Would you rather kiss someone in the dark or make out in a public setting? 
Would you rather have sex with Queen Elizabeth or Hillary Clinton?  
Would you rather be partnered with someone who has a low sex drive or someone who has a sex addiction? 
Would you rather have your sexual partner dirty talk or be completely silent during sex? 
Would you rather have C-cup man boobs or a 2-inch penis?
Would you rather have to sing the 1# charting song every time you have sex or have sex with the 1# charting artist once? 
Would you rather have terrible breath or stinky ear wax?
Would you rather date someone who refuses to kiss you or someone who refuses to give you oral sex? 
Would you rather be handcuffed or blindfolded while doing the deed? 
Would you rather your partner cry uncontrollably whenever they see you naked or laugh uncontrollably? 
Would you rather have sex in a smelly bathroom or on a stain-filled bed? 
Would you rather your Instagram followers see your nudes or your grandparents? 
Would you rather hook up with your doctor or your boss?
Would you rather have sex in a car or in a tent? 
Would you rather do a wet t-shirt contest or give someone a lap dance?
Would you rather drink a glass of pee or eat a teaspoon of poop?
Would you rather receive an erotic letter or send a dirty text message?
Would you rather kiss your celebrity crush or have over 1 million followers on social media? 
Would you rather talk dirty with the person sitting to your left or to your right? 
Would you rather masturbate every day for the rest of your life or never be able to masturbate again?
Would you rather get a urinary tract infection each time you have sex or never be able to ‘finish’? 
Would you rather catch your housemate masturbating or have your parents catch you masturbating?
Would you rather have one partner or multiple partners?
Would you rather have sex with my best friend, or with your best friend?
Would you rather swallow or spit?
Would you rather be on top or underneath?
Would you rather Bring another person in bed or cheat on me?
Would you rather do romantic things or try out some new kinky ideas?
Would you rather end a first date with sex or with a passionate kiss?
Would you rather be caught cheating or catch your spouse cheating?
Would you rather let your significant other sleep with your best friend or sleep with your significant other’s best friend?
Would you rather let your spouse date your best friend or your arch enemy?
Would you rather confess your crimes in front of your children or commit the crime in front of your children?
Would you rather have uncontrollable gas for an entire month or wet yourself at work? 
Would you rather have bad breath or smelly feet?
Would you rather be 4'5" or 7'7"?
Would you rather be blind or deaf?
Would you rather be tall and fat or short and well built?
Would you rather lose half your hair or lose half your hearing?
Would you rather look weak and actually be strong or look strong and actually be weak?
Would you rather have a third eye or a third arm?
Would you rather be as wide as you are tall, or as tall as you are wide?
Would you rather be poor and work at a job you love or be rich and work at a job you hate?
Would you rather be rich and ugly or poor and good looking?
Would you rather be rich or be poor and find true love?
Would you rather work really hard at an interesting job or slack off at a boring job?
Would you rather take a guaranteed $100,000 or a 50/50 chance at $1,000,000?
Would you rather be in constant pain or have a constant itch?
Would you rather be blind or not be able to talk for the rest of your life?
Would you rather go through life unable to answer any questions or unable to ask any questions?
Would you rather have no sense of smell or smell everything near you as though it were right in front of your nose?
Would you rather only be able to whisper or only be able to shout everything?
Would you rather save the life of someone that you're close to or save the lives of 5 random strangers?
Would you rather never touch another human again or never touch an electronically powered device again?
Would you rather be the first to die among your close friends or be the last one to die?
Would you rather have a lousy short term memory or a terrible long term memory?
Would you rather have 1 wish granted today or 3 wishes granted 5 years from now?
Would you rather be homeless or live without family and friends?
Would you rather go without the internet or a car for a month?
Would you rather have to sit all day or stand all day?
Would you rather go to jail for a year or live in your car for a year?
Would you rather not be able to use your hands or not be able to walk?
Would you rather be a parent or a child?
Would you rather dump someone else or be the person getting dumped?
Would you rather be a genius in a world of morons, or a moron in a world of geniuses?
Would you rather be ugly and marry a good looking person or be good looking and marry an ugly person?
Would you rather lick peanut butter off a hobo's toe or have peanut butter licked off you by a lion?
Would you rather chew a piece of toenail off a dirty man's foot or thoroughly lick his unshowered armpit?
Would you rather run across a large vacant field containing 1,000 angry rattlesnakes or three land mines?
Would you rather live in a porta-potty or a sewer?
Would you rather watch the scariest movie by yourself in a dark room or be chased by a mean Rottweiler?
Would you rather live without music or live without TV?
Would you rather lose your legs or lose your arms?
Would you rather eat poison ivy or a handful of bumblebees?
Would you rather be gossiped about or never talked about at all?
Would you rather marry the first person you see tomorrow or never marry?
Would you rather marry an ugly billionaire or marry an amazingly good looking poor person?
Would you rather be caught picking your nose constantly or picking your wedgie constantly?
Would you rather end hunger or hatred?
Would you rather only be able to whisper or only be able to shout?
Would you rather have 500 tarantulas in your house or 1,000 crickets jumping in your room?
Would you rather have a big group of friends or one very close friend?
Would you rather be saved by Superman or meet Winnie the Pooh?
Would you rather always take a cold shower or sleep an hour less than you need to be fully rested?
Would you rather be fat and beautiful or skinny and horribly ugly?
Would you rather skip Christmas for a year, or skip your birthday for a year?
Would you rather be invisible or be able to read minds?
Would you rather get caught singing in the mirror or spying on your crush?
Would you rather love and not be loved back, or be loved but never love?
Would you rather have everything you have dreamt of (materialistically) or have the love of the one you love?
Would you rather have no internet or no cell phone?
Would you rather have no one show up to your wedding or no one show up to your funeral?
Would you rather know the date of your death or the cause of your death?
Would you rather be famous or be the best friend of someone famous?
Would you rather be half your height or double your weight?
Would you rather have a rewind button or a pause button for your life?
Would you rather go back in time and stop 9-11 or the Holocaust?
Would you rather be a miserable genius or a happy moron?
Would you rather live one life that lasts 1,000 years or live 10 lives that last 100 years each?
Would you rather use eye drops made of vinegar or toilet paper made from sandpaper?
Would you rather be without elbows or be without knees?
Would you rather have to sneeze but not be able to or have something stuck in your eye for an entire year?
Would you rather have a dragon or be a dragon?
Would you rather have hair nowhere on your body or be very hairy all over and not be able to shave?
Would you rather never be able to speak again or always have to say everything that is on your mind?
Would you rather be able to read or be able to read minds (but be illiterate)?
Would you rather be able to speak fluently every language in the world or be able to play every instrument in the world?
Would you rather wear a snow suit in the desert or be naked in Antarctica?
Would you rather change the past or be able to see into the future?
Would you rather email an embarrassing email to everyone you know or eat an entire stick of butter?
Would you rather never laugh again or never use your smartphone again?
Would you rather lose $1000 or lose all of your phone contacts?
Would you rather eat the same meal for the rest of your life or give up Facebook and/or Instagram forever?
Would you rather win a trip to Hawaii or win a free laptop?
Would you rather give up shopping for six months or give up emojis for six months?
Would you rather have cookies or have French fries?
Would you rather be good at sports or get good grades?
Would you rather help clean up after dinner or help set the table before dinner?
Would you rather get up early or stay up late?
Would you rather be super fast or super strong?
Would you rather be invisible or have the ability to fly?
Would you rather be the smartest kid in school or the most popular kid in school?
Would you rather eat your boogers or lick your shoe?
